
This software is without warranty, use it at your own risk. It seems to be
working here, but I have no idea how you are set up. If it doesn't work ...
Fix it! This software is freely available. Please leave my name on it
though.

You need both perl and tcl/tk to run these things. If your path to them is
different than mine you will have to edit that at the top of these files
too.

xmonout

	This is an outbound monitor for a binkley style outbound on a linux
system such as you might find if you use fidogate and ifcico as a mailer. It
puts a small 4 line scrollable box in the top left corner of your X display
that shows what out bound mail you have for which systems. If you double
click on one of the entries, it will call xoutfix with that node number. The
outbound monitor updates about every 10 minutes.

	
xoutfix

	This lets you play with the outbound files a bit. You can change
*.flo files or *.out files flavours, redo the flo file which gets rid of
entries for non-existant entries, you can remove entries, you can delete
entries, you can send a file to the inbound directory if you like (it is the
easiest way to deal with a missconfiguration that you have now fixed), or
you can send a file to a system.

monout

	run by xmonout to get it's updates.

setup and installation
	
	not very nice right now... to much stuff coded into the files. You
have to edit each of the scripts for your system.

	monout - your outbound has to be set at the top. This is you base
		outbound. Then at the very end of the file you can set up
		individual outbound directories (one for each zone)

	xmonout - close to the top 'set program' should be set to the
		directory you keep these files 

	xoutfix - outbound is your base outbound directory, inbound is your
		inbound and program is where these files are kept... also
		we expect to find ftnfattach from fidogate. (if you don't
		use the send function you don't need it)

	Makefile - edit the directories to match what you put in for program
		in the other files.

run make and then when you start up X you can run xmonout to have an
outbound monitor. 

I'm just learning how to use tcl/tk so this may not be the best coding...

Hope it's useful to you.

Len
